+++
title = "Minutes for meeting 2025-04-23"
+++

# Minutes for 2025-04-23

## Present

* James Collier
* Johan Philips
* Alex Botzki
* Jochem Claes

## Apologies

* Femke De Backere

## Topics

### Community building and small community events

Microsoft is doing community building too. Jochem will consider possibilities for complimentary events. There is generally very little capacity on this committee to organise any more events.

### Feedback about RSDD2024

Alex has the feedback document. The document contains personally identifiable information so cannot be shared here publically. However the 2025 organising committee will review and take into account relevent feedback.
General feedback is very positive with a preference for more technical content. Though some attendees become interested because of the community aspect. Come for the community, stay for the technicals.

#### RSE Day 2025 organisation progress

KULeuven have supplied funding for an event location: Campus Arenberg in Heverlee, catering, and transport and accomodation for keynote speakers. A "save the date" message has been sent to the following forums:

* Posit community
* Scientific Python community
* UK RSE Slack
* BBC Mailing list
* VSC
* NL eScience Centre (yet to be contacted)

3 potential keynote speakers have been contacted and 2 have already accepted. The day will consist of talks, live demos, and posters.
Next steps will be setting up a website and eventbrite registrations then advertising the call for submissions.

### Next committee meeting

* 23 May @ 16u James to make cal invite;
* Jochem will look into small community events
* James to contact Femke about the RSE day organisation
* Jochem to find Wollonia contacts for RSE day advertising
* Is there anyone interested in reviewing RSE day call submissions?

